When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When you are working on a system that is not your own or that you are afraid will die and lose all your work.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You may have made changes on your local version that would be erased if Git automatically pulled from GitHub.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A fork is a clone on Github that is managed by Github and still gives credit to the original author.
Clones are copies of repos on your local machine.  Branches are copies of a repo with a parent of generally a
master branch which are contained in the same repo.  Use a fork to copy someone else's code from Github.  Use a
clone to do the same without giving them credit or to copy code back to your computer from Github.  Use a branch
to work on the same repo but maybe experimenting with a feature or to work on a specific feature separate from
another collaborator.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

You can work on a repo while others work on the same repo on different machines.  Then, you can merge the
changes and work through any sync issues.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

I would probably use Google Drive/Docs.  It would be more difficult since tracking "commits" would not really
be possible since everything is constantly saved.  This results in saving points that are no individual
logical changes.  It's also more difficult to see the differences that were made between versions or branches of
two different collaborators - branches aren't really possible.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

If I'm working on a new feature that I want to experiment with or if I am collaborating with someone else and
working on part of the repo, I would want to branch.  That way, it's easier to see differences and for the
"real owner" to see the changes before agreeing to merge them back in.
